>> coming up, what's got sal
making a racket?
>> oh!
Making a racket?
[ laughter ]
>> oh!
>> why is joe showing off the
[ laughter ]
goods?
>> why is joe showing off the
[ laughter ]
Goods?
and which joker will feel
[ laughter ]
uncomfortably numb in tonight's
And which joker will feel
punishment?
Uncomfortably numb in tonight's
>> oh! Oh!
Punishment?
>> prepare for something
>> oh! Oh!
amazing.
>> prepare for something
>> hey, mustache, what's up?
Amazing.
[ laughter ]
>> hey, mustache, what's up?
>> I want my mommy!
[ laughter ]
>> I will never forgive you!
>> larry!
[ laughter ]
>> today, we're at
bethpage tennis center, teaching
tennis lessons like the pros.
Bethpage tennis center, teaching
>> except, unlike the pros,
Tennis lessons like the pros.
we'll have to do and say what
>> except, unlike the pros,
the other guys tell us.
>> if you refuse to do or say
anything, you lose.
Anything, you lose.
>> fore!
>> that's golf.
>> sal, you know what this
outfit shows off really well?
Outfit shows off really well?
>> what?
>> your collection of lame
tattoos from calf down.
Tattoos from calf down.
>> [ laughs ]
will you look?
Will you look?
>> defined.
>> look at how muscular his
calves are.
Calves are.
You think what you're gonna see
is schwarzenegger.
Is schwarzenegger.
And then, what do you see?
[ laughter ]
>> hey!
>> hi.
>> what is your name?
Flo. Sal.
>> sal, before you start the
lesson, buddy, why don't you try
and sell her on turquoise
Lesson, buddy, why don't you try
jewelry?
And sell her on turquoise
>> oh, yeah.
Jewelry?
It's like a pyramid scheme,
>> oh, yeah.
right?
It's like a pyramid scheme,
>> no, no.
Right?
It's a legit business.
>> no, no.
>> yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's a legit business.
>> I also do this other thing.
>> yeah, yeah, yeah.
I don't know if you've heard of
>> I also do this other thing.
it.
I don't know if you've heard of
Like, it's turquoise
It.
jewelry-making.
Like, it's turquoise
>> okay.
Jewelry-making.
>> okay, so, it's excellent.
>> okay.
It's an excellent opportunity.
>> okay, so, it's excellent.
And I always just tell people,
It's an excellent opportunity.
if they're looking to make a
And I always just tell people,
little extra money, I send you,
If they're looking to make a
like, a block of real turquoise,
Little extra money, I send you,
you know?
Like, a block of real turquoise,
>> okay.
You know?
>> and then you push the product
>> okay.
out, and then I send you a
>> and then you push the product
percentage.
Out, and then I send you a
>> oh.
Percentage.
>> it's really a simple process.
>> oh.
>> okay.
>> it's really a simple process.
>> you can make dozens and
>> okay.
dozens of dollars a month.
>> you can make dozens and
[ laughter ]
Dozens of dollars a month.
okay.
[ laughter ]
Okay, so, we'll just volley a
Okay.
little bit.
Okay, so, we'll just volley a
So, real quick -- what color is
Little bit.
my headband?
So, real quick -- what color is
>> turquoise blue.
My headband?
>> you're damn right it is.
>> turquoise blue.
Think about those opportunities.
>> you're damn right it is.
[ laughter ]
Think about those opportunities.
>> sal, grunt every time you hit
[ laughter ]
the ball.
>> sal, grunt every time you hit
Grunt really loud.
The ball.
>> oh!
Grunt really loud.
[ laughter ]
>> oh!
aah!
[ laughter ]
Aah!
ooh!
[ laughter ]
There it is, flo.
Ooh!
[ laughter ]
>> oh!
>> "flo, watch you[bleep] up
shoulder."
[ laughter ]
Shoulder."
>> flo, just be careful of your
[ laughter ]
[bleep] up shoulder.
>> flo, just be careful of your
[ laughter ]
>> I'm gonna blame that one on
your [bleep] up shoulder.
>> I'm...
Your [bleep] up shoulder.
I'm gonna blame that one on your
>> I'm...
[bleep] up shoulder.
I'm gonna blame that one on your
[ laughter ]
[bleep] up shoulder.
>> hey, you know what's easy on
[ laughter ]
your shoulders?
>> hey, you know what's easy on
>> you know what's easy on the
Your shoulders?
shoulder?
>> you know what's easy on the
>> shipping and selling your own
Shoulder?
turquoise jewelry.
>> shipping and selling your own
>> [ laughs ]
Turquoise jewelry.
>> shipping and selling your own
>> [ laughs ]
turquoise jewelry.
>> shipping and selling your own
[ laughter ]
>> here we go.
Here she comes, ready to learn
some tennis.
Some tennis.
>> yeah.
>> hey. How are you?
>> yeah, just have her follow
you around.
You around.
>> keep circling the net.
Keep circling the net.
>> all right. Okay.
Right over here, sarah.
Yeah, we'll be all right, right
here.
Here.
It's a little...
[ laughter ]
>> you're going the wrong way,
buddy.
>> okay.
Buddy.
[ laughter ]
>> okay.
okay.
[ laughter ]
All right, you go  that side.
Okay.
I'll go on this side. Okay.
All right, you go  that side.
[ laughter ]
I'll go on this side. Okay.
>> tell her to come close.
[ laughter ]
>> all right, come here.
>> tell her to come close.
We're gonna do a little exercise
>> all right, come here.
to help you out.
We're gonna do a little exercise
>> raise your racket in the air.
To help you out.
>> and then wave it like you
>> raise your racket in the air.
just don't care.
>> and then wave it like you
[ laughter ]
Just don't care.
>> now wave it like you just
[ laughter ]
don't care.
>> now wave it like you just
There you go. You don't care.
Don't care.
>> somebody say, "hey-oh!"
There you go. You don't care.
>> hey-oh!
>> somebody say, "hey-oh!"
[ laughter ]
>> hey-oh!
>> all right, let's get back to
[ laughter ]
it.
>> all right, let's get back to
All right, I'm gonna serve to
It.
you now, and then you just
All right, I'm gonna serve to
return it.
You now, and then you just
>> yeah.
Return it.
>> now serve as hard as you can.
>> yeah.
[ laughter ]
>> keep going, buddy.
Rapid fire.
>> tell her to put some hustle
in it.
>> there you go.
In it.
Put some hustle in it.
>> there you go.
Put muscle in it. You got this.
Put some hustle in it.
>> you can't serve fast enough.
Put muscle in it. You got this.
>> you got this, you got this,
>> you can't serve fast enough.
you got this.
>> you got this, you got this,
You got it, you got it.
You got this.
>> "stop playing like a girl."
You got it, you got it.
>> [ laughs ]
>> "stop playing like a girl."
>> all right, stop playing like
>> [ laughs ]
a girl.
Come on.
Yes.
>> take two or three balls at a
time and hit them at the same
time.
Time and hit them at the same
>> all right, you're killing it.
Time.
You're killing it.
>> all right, you're killing it.
You got it.
You're killing it.
Like, just pick one.
You got it.
There you go. Two.
Like, just pick one.
Three.
There you go. Two.
>> q, just stop and walk away.
Three.
Say, "okay, that's it. Bye."
>> q, just stop and walk away.
>> bye.
Say, "okay, that's it. Bye."
[ laughter ]
>> bye.
>> just walk out. Walk out.
[ laughter ]
>> bud, you ever play tennis?
>> I played tennis in hawaii
against my grandmother, who was
69 at the time.
Against my grandmother, who was
My fat grandmother -- you
69 at the time.
remember her?
My fat grandmother -- you
>> yeah.
Remember her?
>> frannie. I was 16.
>> yeah.
I was, like, in my prime.
>> frannie. I was 16.
She wiped the floor with me in
I was, like, in my prime.
hawaii.
She wiped the floor with me in
>> [ laughs ]
>> hey, man. What's your name?
Andrew. Joey.
How's everything?
>> good.
>> you doing all right?
I've been teaching for about
five years.
Five years.
I just got into the teaching
part of it.
Part of it.
And then I played --
no, I was, like, semi-pro.
No, I was, like, semi-pro.
I went to -- you know wimbledon?
Yeah, I had great seats to that.
[ laughter ]
all right, so, let's get
started.
All right, so, let's get
>> start trash-talking your
Started.
student.
>> start trash-talking your
>> let's do it, polo.
Student.
That's too high. You suck.
>> let's do it, polo.
[ laughter ]
That's too high. You suck.
>> lift your knees up as high as
[ laughter ]
you can as you run.
>> lift your knees up as high as
High knees.
You can as you run.
We need higher knees.
High knees.
[ laughter ]
We need higher knees.
>> come on, you mother[bleep]
[ laughter ]
take that [bleep]
>> try to do some mc hammer.
Take that [bleep]
>> hit it.
>> try to do some mc hammer.
[ laughter ]
>> hit it.
>> you can't touch this.
[ laughter ]
>> ¶ ho, ho, ho, ho, ho ¶
>> you can't touch this.
I was semi-pro in australia.
[ laughter ]
>> yeah, I'm ranked dead last.
>> they go from 1 to 500 in the
country.
I was dead last.
Country.
>> [ laughs ]
I was dead last.
>> remember, andy, you want to
>> [ laughs ]
put some stank on the ball.
>> remember, andy, you want to
>> andy, you want to get some
Put some stank on the ball.
stank on that ball, yeah.
>> andy, you want to get some
[ laughter ]
Stank on that ball, yeah.
loft it up. Stankiewicz.
[ laughter ]
There you go.
Loft it up. Stankiewicz.
>> here we go, stank sinatra.
>> you want to do it your way,
stank sinatra?
Stank sinatra?
Stanks and beans.
>> [ laughs ]
>> there you go.
>> try and touch his crotch
subtly with the racket.
>> what...
Bring it in a sec.
You're a lefty, right?
Okay, yeah.
So, you want a continental, so
when you bring it back, you want
to go right in.
When you bring it back, you want
>> get him again. Get him again.
To go right in.
>> see where the thumb is?
>> get him again. Get him again.
Great. Bring it back.
>> see where the thumb is?
Great. And then up.
Great. Bring it back.
[ laughter ]
Great. And then up.
>> he's covering himself.
[ laughter ]
>> when you do a return, you
>> he's covering himself.
just want to bring it in.
>> when you do a return, you
And boop! There you go.
Just want to bring it in.
[ laughter ]
>> oh, wow.
She looks ready to go.
>> hi. I'm james.
>> james?
>> yes.
>> karen.
>> karen. So nice to meet you.
>> I recently moved here.
I was a tennis teacher in
singapore.
>> I recently moved here.
Singapore.
I came back from singapore,
>> I recently moved here.
actually.
I came back from singapore,
I was a tennis teacher there for
Actually.
a number of years.
I was a tennis teacher there for
>> I taught teens.
A number of years.
>> I taught teens, mostly.
>> I taught teens.
>> I called it teenis.
>> I taught teens, mostly.
>> I...
>> I called it teenis.
[ laughter ]
>> I...
I called it teenis.
[ laughter ]
>> [ laughs ]
I called it teenis.
>> just say, "I see great evil
>> [ laughs ]
in you."
>> just say, "I see great evil
>> I see great evil in you.
In you."
[ eerie music plays ]
>> I see great evil in you.
let's do this.
[ eerie music plays ]
[ laughter ]
Let's do this.
we'll take it -- we'll just warm
[ laughter ]
up a little bit, okay?
We'll take it -- we'll just warm
>> okay, when you serve, make
Up a little bit, okay?
explosion noises.
>> okay, when you serve, make
And when she hits, make fart
Explosion noises.
noises.
And when she hits, make fart
>> [ laughs ]
Noises.
>> [ imitates explosion ]
>> [ laughs ]
pbht!
>> [ imitates explosion ]
[ imitates explosion ]
Pbht!
pbht!
[ imitates explosion ]
>> [ laughs ]
Pbht!
so stupid, so effective.
>> [ laughs ]
>> [ imitates explosion ]
So stupid, so effective.
pbht!
>> [ imitates explosion ]
>> [ laughs ]
Pbht!
>> all right, call her in to the
>> [ laughs ]
net.
>> all right, call her in to the
>> come on in.
Net.
Okay, couple quick things.
>> come on in.
>> how about we play a game
Okay, couple quick things.
of...
>> how about we play a game
>> how about you and I play a
Of...
quick game of...
>> how about you and I play a
>> ...Strip tennis.
Quick game of...
[ laughter ]
>> ...Strip tennis.
say it, buddy.
[ laughter ]
>> ...Regular old tennis.
Say it, buddy.
[ laughter ]
>> ...Regular old tennis.
>> game, set, match for murr.
[ laughter ]
He's first up on the loser
>> game, set, match for murr.
board.
He's first up on the loser
>> today, we're in the park,
Board.
playing one of our favorite
>> today, we're in the park,
games -- "now."
Playing one of our favorite
>> at any point during our
Games -- "now."
conversation with strangers, the
>> at any point during our
other guys can yell the word
Conversation with strangers, the
"now."
>> when you hear the word "now,"
you have to do whatever weird
You have to do whatever weird
task was assigned to you.
Task was assigned to you.
>> if you can't do the weird
task when you hear the word
Task when you hear the word
"now," you lose.
>> when are we playing?
>> now!
>> hey, murr.
>> yeah?
>> I just want to point out that
I'm rooting for you today,
buddy.
Buddy.
>> thanks, buddy.
>> like, I'm in.
I got the shirt. I'm a fan..
>> he's on your team.
Just because they were on
clearance.
All of ours were sold out.
Clearance.
[ laughter ]
All of ours were sold out.
>> it was the only one in stock.
[ laughter ]
>> he was in a tight spot.
He needed the extra 35% off.
[ laughter ]
>> okay, bud.
>> all right, here we go, here
we go.
>> "right here, peter"?
What is that?
>> right here, peter.
>> I have to just keep saying,
"right here, peter"?
>> yeah. He's meeting you.
He's meeting you on the
beautiful day in the park.
>> yeah.
Beautiful day in the park.
>> you know what street this is
>> yeah.
by?
>> you know what street this is
This is 23rd street?
By?
>> yeah, I think so.
This is 23rd street?
>> I'm supposed to meet my buddy
>> yeah, I think so.
here for lunch, and he's walking
>> I'm supposed to meet my buddy
around the park.
Here for lunch, and he's walking
He's not from new york.
Around the park.
>> now.
He's not from new york.
>> right here, peter!
>> now.
[ laughter ]
>> right here, peter!
where you from, bud?
[ laughter ]
>> I'm from asheville,
Where you from, bud?
north carolina.
>> I'm from asheville,
>> oh, really?
North carolina.
>> yeah. Yeah.
>> oh, really?
>> really? Asheville.
>> yeah. Yeah.
I've never been there.
>> really? Asheville.
I've been to, um...
I've never been there.
>> now.
I've been to, um...
>> right here, peter!
>> now.
[ laughs, mumbles ]
>> right here, peter!
[ laughter ]
[ laughs, mumbles ]
oh, god.
[ laughter ]
You're from asheville, you said?
Oh, god.
>> I'm from asheville, yeah.
You're from asheville, you said?
>> you live here now?
>> I'm from asheville, yeah.
>> now.
>> you live here now?
>> right here, peter!
>> now.
[ laughter ]
>> right here, peter!
you see him over there?
[ laughter ]
He keeps...
You see him over there?
>> walking that way?
He keeps...
>> yeah, he keeps walking around
>> walking that way?
looking for me.
>> yeah, he keeps walking around
He can't -- you know, whatever.
Looking for me.
>> now.
>> right here, peter!
[ laughing ] should we wave?
[ laughter ]
you know, the scarsdale one just
You know, the scarsdale one just
moved to newport news.
>> now.
Moved to newport news.
>> right here, peter.
>> now.
And it's really interesting.
>> right here, peter.
>> now.
And it's really interesting.
>> structure like this -- right
>> now.
here, peter.
>> structure like this -- right
>> now.
Here, peter.
>> right here, peter.
>> now.
[ laughter ]
>> right here, peter.
>> there you are.
[ laughter ]
>> hey, bud.
>> there you are.
[ laughter ]
>> hey, bud.
you found me.
[ laughter ]
>> I was looking for you.
You found me.
>> good work, team murr.
>> all right, joe.
Here you go, bud.
>> all right, fellas.
"present your crotch in a grand
fashion."
Fashion."
>> you're presenting it as a
gift.
Gift.
>> all right.
Let's get grand out here.
>> now!
>> [ laughs ]
>> so weird.
Just staring at him.
>> hey, bud.
>> now.
>> [ laughs ]
>> you look like an idiot.
>> I feel like an idiot.
>> all: Now.
>> [ laughing ] oh, my god.
>> we will not stop until you
get everyone in this park.
Now.
Get everyone in this park.
>> now.
Now.
[ laughter ]
>> now.
>> he jumped! He jumped!
[ laughter ]
>> this is my life.
>> what do you got? Paper time.
Here goes team murr.
>> "put a piece of gum in your
mouth," boys?
Mouth," boys?
>> yes.
>> every time we say "now."
>> I don't have any gum.
>> I do.
>> [ laughs ]
>> of course.
>> seven packs of bubble gum.
>> [ laughs ]
>> I want to show you how big
each piece of gum is.
This is a massive -- this is not
Each piece of gum is.
like...
This is a massive -- this is not
How much will you give me if I
Like...
eat that?
How much will you give me if I
Aah! Aah!
Eat that?
>> I'm done.
Aah! Aah!
>> aah! It's in my mouth!
>> do you know what they're
putting together over here?
Putting together over here?
Oh, okay.
It's always some sort of art
installation.
Installation.
But isn't that nice, though?
>> now.
>> would you like a piece of
gum?
Gum?
Oh, you're not a big gum person?
I'm not a big gum person,
either.
Either.
>> you are now.
>> oh, yeah?
[ muffled ] this gum's really
good.
Good.
It's really good.
>> now.
>> your jaw's gonna break.
>> it's worth the trip.
[ laughter ]
you could say that.
You could say that.
>> [ laughs ]
>> how's that gum, buddy?
>> I can't get enough.
Most people don't...
>> don't know about it.
>> most people don't know
about...
About...
>> you sound like you're doing
an impression of yourself.
An impression of yourself.
[ laughter ]
[ mumbling ]
>> oh, my god.
Look at his mouth!
>> it looks like you have a full
orange in your mouth.
Orange in your mouth.
[ laughter ]
>> sit next to that girl.
>> [ laughs ]
>> is this taken?
Oh, thank you.
>> take out that old slip of
paper.
Paper.
>> there you go.
>> oh [bleep]
>> yeah, there you go.
>> I can't do this.
>> this is like now we're strip
club, that's all.
>> but what do you mean like I'm
Club, that's all.
in a strip club?
>> but what do you mean like I'm
>> you know, like you present a
In a strip club?
dollar.
>> you know, like you present a
>> yeah.
Dollar.
>> it's a thank you.
>> yeah.
It's a thank-you tip.
>> it's a thank you.
>> sal, I've seen you in strip
It's a thank-you tip.
clubs before.
>> sal, I've seen you in strip
Just tip a dollar.
Clubs before.
>> no. No, you haven't.
Just tip a dollar.
I've never been to one.
>> no. No, you haven't.
>> [ laughs ]
>> it's nice today.
>> now.
[ laughter ]
>> this is tough.
>> [ laughs ]
>> well, we didn't make it easy.
>> my name is sal, by the way.
Aino?
>> we've said "now," so that
means now.
Means now.
It's not soon. It's now.
>> it's not later.
>> it's not when you're ready.
>> [ laughs ]
>> it's now.
>> it's your first day in
new york?
New york?
>> yeah.
>> from where?
Oh, my god.
>> all right, we'll change the
name of the challenge to
Name of the challenge to
"eventually."
[ laughter ]
>> have you been here before?
>> now.
>> hand her a dollar bill.
>> do it or you lose, bud.
>> I have -- this -- that's a
dollar there.
Dollar there.
Oh, you know, you're working
hard, and...
Hard, and...
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
>> now.
>> [ laughs ]
>> there you go.
Thank you so much. Thank you.
>> "thank you so much."
>> all: Uh...
Now!
[ laughter ]
>> look at this.
>> now.
>> yeah!
>> there you go.
>> now.
>> all: Now.
>> [ laughs ] there you go.
>> you're taking them all.
There you go. It's for you.
>> now, now, now, now, now, now,
now, now, now, now, now, now,
Now, now, now, now, now, now,
now, now, now, now, now, now!
Now, now, now, now, now, now!
[ laughter ]
>> get ready, murr.
Your punishment starts now.
>> all right! Murr lost!
>> that's right!
>> and for your punishment,
buddy, we came to the
downtown conference center,
Buddy, we came to the
where you'll be playing a
Downtown conference center,
culinary expert presenting foods
Where you'll be playing a
from around the world.
Culinary expert presenting foods
>> okay.
From around the world.
>> except you're not gonna be
>> okay.
able to taste anything.
>> except you're not gonna be
In fact, you're not gonna be
Able to taste anything.
able to say anything, either.
In fact, you're not gonna be
[ laughter ]
Able to say anything, either.
>> because we're gonna shoot up
[ laughter ]
your mouth and your chompers
>> because we're gonna shoot up
with tons of novocaine.
Your mouth and your chompers
>> what?!
With tons of novocaine.
[ laughter ]
>> what?!
>> wait. Is this dangerous?
[ laughter ]
For real.
>> wait. Is this dangerous?
You can't just inject a drug in
For real.
my body.
You can't just inject a drug in
>> it's going to be completely
My body.
painless, I promise.
>> it's going to be completely
[ laughter ]
Painless, I promise.
>> all right!
[ laughter ]
>> here we go.
>> all right!
>> this distinguished gentleman
>> here we go.
is our friend dr. Dan sullivan.
>> this distinguished gentleman
>> oh, yes.
Is our friend dr. Dan sullivan.
>> he's gonna be pumping your
>> oh, yes.
mouth-hole full of the 'caine.
>> he's gonna be pumping your
[ laughter ]
Mouth-hole full of the 'caine.
>> what is the legal amount that
[ laughter ]
you can give?
>> what is the legal amount that
>> whatever the legal limit
You can give?
is --
>> whatever the legal limit
>> 2 plus 5.
Is --
Here we go.
>> 2 plus 5.
>> my god.
Here we go.
>> just be careful, doc, because
>> my god.
his blood boils like acid.
>> just be careful, doc, because
[ laughter ]
His blood boils like acid.
oh, my god.
[ laughter ]
>> oh! Oh! Oh!
Oh, my god.
It's so weird to see this!
>> oh! Oh! Oh!
>> oh, my god!
It's so weird to see this!
Oh, my god! It's so gross!
>> oh, my god!
>> I can't take it from just
Oh, my god! It's so gross!
watching.
>> I can't take it from just
>> what are we doing?
Watching.
What are we doing?
>> what are we doing?
What are we doing to ourselves?
What are we doing?
>> god!
What are we doing to ourselves?
>> why are we doing this to
>> god!
ourselves?
>> why are we doing this to
>> [ laughs ]
Ourselves?
>> how you feeling?
>> [ laughs ]
>> uh, weird.
>> how you feeling?
[ laughter ]
>> uh, weird.
>> that's so disgusting.
[ laughter ]
You already spit with every word
>> that's so disgusting.
you say.
You already spit with every word
Your mouth's gonna be like a
You say.
super soaker.
Your mouth's gonna be like a
[ laughter ]
>> hello.
Hello, hello, hello.
Welcome, everyone.
My name...
[ laughs ]
[ laughter ]
>> this is brilliant.
>> my name is james murray.
[ slurring ] and I'm -- I'm a
food enthusiast.
[ laughter ]
Food enthusiast.
I'm very excited today to be
[ laughter ]
presenting to you foods from
I'm very excited today to be
different continents that I've
Presenting to you foods from
traveled to around the world.
Different continents that I've
Okay.
Traveled to around the world.
This is a traditional italian
Okay.
dish of spaghetti and meatballs.
This is a traditional italian
>> what is it? What is it?
Dish of spaghetti and meatballs.
>> spaghetti and meatballs.
>> what is it? What is it?
[ laughter ]
>> spaghetti and meatballs.
oh, and, of course, to
[ laughter ]
complement it, we have
Oh, and, of course, to
cabernet...
Complement it, we have
[ laughter ]
Cabernet...
we have a delightful glass of
[ laughter ]
cabernet -- cabernet sauvignon.
We have a delightful glass of
[ laughter ]
Cabernet -- cabernet sauvignon.
>> so, now, most people get
[ laughter ]
spaghetti and meatballs in a
>> so, now, most people get
bolognese sauce.
Spaghetti and meatballs in a
>> most people get spaghetti and
Bolognese sauce.
meatballs in a bolognese sauce.
>> most people get spaghetti and
[ laughter ]
Meatballs in a bolognese sauce.
>> and, of course, let's not
[ laughter ]
forget a good, garlicky pesto.
>> and, of course, let's not
>> and let's not forget a good,
Forget a good, garlicky pesto.
garlicky pe...
>> and let's not forget a good,
P-p-pesto sauce.
Garlicky pe...
[ laughter ]
P-p-pesto sauce.
>> I also like...
[ laughter ]
>> ...Shrimp scampi.
>> I also like...
[ laughs ]
>> ...Shrimp scampi.
>> ...Shrimp...Scampi.
[ laughs ]
>> you know who I heard makes a
>> ...Shrimp...Scampi.
stupendous shrimp scampi.
>> you know who I heard makes a
>> [ groans ]
Stupendous shrimp scampi.
you know who I heard makes a
>> [ groans ]
stupendous shrimp scampi.
You know who I heard makes a
>> susan sarandon.
Stupendous shrimp scampi.
>> aah!
>> susan sarandon.
[ laughter ]
>> aah!
>> susan -- susan sarandon makes
[ laughter ]
a great shrimp scampi.
>> susan -- susan sarandon makes
>> he sounds like sean connery.
A great shrimp scampi.
[ laughter ]
>> he sounds like sean connery.
>> say "welcome to the rock."
[ laughter ]
>> welcome to the rock.
>> say "welcome to the rock."
[ laughter ]
>> welcome to the rock.
>> I can't wait to dig in.
[ laughter ]
Let me try some of this
>> I can't wait to dig in.
spaghetti.
Let me try some of this
[ laughter ]
I'm gonna -- I'm gonna sample
all...
[ laughter ]
All...
I'm gonna sample all the food.
[ laughter ]
I'm sorry.
I'm gonna sample all the food
here.
I didn't expect that.
Here.
But I'm gonna dig right in and
I didn't expect that.
show you a little bit of the
But I'm gonna dig right in and
flavor of these foods.
Show you a little bit of the
Okay, let's try some spaghetti.
Flavor of these foods.
Oh, man.
Okay, let's try some spaghetti.
[ laughter ]
Oh, man.
mmm!
[ laughter ]
Mmm!
it's delicious.
[ laughter ]
>> you have spaghetti on your
It's delicious.
left...
>> you have spaghetti on your
[ laughter ]
Left...
>> it's perfection. It's great.
[ laughter ]
>> go to another cuisine, buddy.
>> it's perfection. It's great.
>> this is a soft-shell taco.
>> go to another cuisine, buddy.
>> I find when you put beef in
>> this is a soft-shell taco.
the taco, it's best to braise
>> I find when you put beef in
it.
The taco, it's best to braise
>> I find that when you put beef
It.
in a taco, it's best to braise
>> I find that when you put beef
it.
In a taco, it's best to braise
>> braised beef...
It.
>> ...Is brilliant.
>> braised beef...
>> ...Is...
>> ...Is brilliant.
Braised b...
>> ...Is...
Braised beef is b...
Braised b...
[ laughter ]
Braised beef is b...
braised beef is brilliant.
[ laughter ]
Braised beef is brilliant.
>> I've said it once.
[ laughter ]
I'll say it again.
>> I've said it once.
Braised beef is b...
I'll say it again.
Braised beef is brilliant.
Braised beef is b...
>> you know who taught me how to
Braised beef is brilliant.
make these tacos?
>> you know who taught me how to
Make these tacos?
make tacos?
>> you know who taught me how to
>> bobby flay.
Make tacos?
[ laughs ]
>> bobby flay.
>> did any of you here read his
cookbook?
Cookbook?
>> did any of you here read his
cookbook?
>> it was called
Cookbook?
"bringing you the flavor"...
>> it was called
>> ugh!
"bringing you the flavor"...
[ laughter ]
>> ugh!
>> ..."from the backyard
[ laughter ]
barbecue."
>> ..."from the backyard
>> it was called "bringing you
Barbecue."
the flavor from the backyard
>> it was called "bringing you
barbecue."
The flavor from the backyard
[ laughter ]
Barbecue."
>> drink that sweet tea, buddy.
[ laughter ]
>> this is a sweet tea.
>> drink that sweet tea, buddy.
Let's try it.
>> this is a sweet tea.
>> finish the whole thing.
Let's try it.
[ laughter ]
>> finish the whole thing.
>> it's just like a faucet is
[ laughter ]
spraying him in the mouth.
>> it's just like a faucet is
[ laughter ]
>> ahh!
>> all right, buddy.
>> all right, you did it.
>> yeah!
>> there we have it -- some
foods from around the world.
Foods from around the world.
>> and, as I like to say,
arrivederci.
Arrivederci.
>> and, as they say in Italy,
arrivederci.